No CIDFI, No Cry (#23)
danwing/cidfi: draft-wing-cidfi.md

On initial connection to a QUIC server, the client includes a new QUIC
transport parameter CIDFI ({{iana-tp}}) which is remembered for 0-RTT.

If the server does not indicate CIDFI support, the client can still
perform CIDFI -- but does not expect different CIDs to indicate

> different packet metadata.  The client can still signal its CNE about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
differentiated behavior.  The client can still signal its CNE about
```

the flow, because the client knows some characteristics of the flow it
is receiving.  For example, if the client requested streaming video of
a certain bandwidth from the server or participated in a WebRTC

> offer/answer exchange, the client knows some metadata about the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
offer/answer exchange, the client knows some connectivity expectation about the
```
